Hey there, Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here.
Everyone, today I'll be saying some lines as requested on Twitter, and in past videos!
You all requested quite a lot. Lots of different things.
I'll be giving it my all! Enjoy!
Let's go!
Pen name: Yura.
Ah I see, this one will be easy.
On screen: Love between siblings
Let's go!
Ah, onii-chan, that's my favourite pudding!
The phantom queen pudding!
It's pretty rare, right?
Right? you have to line up for a week, right?
You lined up for me?
In the cold?
In survival circumstances?
Thankyou!
I love you, onii-chan!
Stay with me forever, ok?
How embarassing!
Onii-chan...
Next!
Pen name: Cvlq.
Ah, I see. This is cool.
Onscreen: Cool-sounding lines like you'd see in a manga
I can think of a few.
The dungeon, Shinjuku!
I want to go to the East exit!
Where is it?
It's ok.
Shinjuku is like my backyard.
Come with me.
Last is.. this!
Pen name: Carlitos.
I see. This is cool too.
Onscreen: Cool lines like you'd hear in a movie
I've decided! Let's go!
*virtually dodging*
You'll never hit me with mere bullets!
*attempts to virtually dodge*
*ded*
Wh-what is this?
*Mercy Q*
Helden sterben nicht
How was that?
This time, I got lots of requests, so
I'm going to reply in a medley!
I wonder if I'll get to yours?
Look forward to it!
Let's go!
Rikka-san! "Order me to do something, master!"
Kalpacho!
Unprecedented horror!
The transcendentally angry
Virtual Youtuber!
The lover of Youtube!
The girl who was banned from Youtube!
Yes! Me!
VIRTUAL YOUTUBER
KI! ZU! NA!
A! I!
YAY!
JUSTICE!
Iku-san!
A. Wake Tomeko-san!
Damn, the enemy's attacks are too strong!
Hey newbie! Ammo!
You, bring me some ammo! Here! Hurry up!
Shit, I'm hit.
It looks like I'm done...
Harumichi-oniisan!
*virtual motorbike noises*
Old man!
I'm feeling more and more like eating those rice seeds!
Filth will be cleansed!
Yflether-san!
Raw wheat, raw rice, raw ginger! (tongue twister)
Metal-eater-san!
Tokyo! Patent! Governing body! (another tongue twister)
Ok!
Omame-san!
My shoulders were stiff so I bought a shoulder massage machine. It was difficult. (The way this is phrased is super difficult to pronounce properly)
Got it!
Toast-san!
What's up with that? It's really cool!
Nemu-san
You're not allowed to stop
until I tell you to!
Bee-san
Hi, I’m Ai! (In Mandarin)
Cookie-san
Hi there!
I'm one of the worlds top YouTubers,
Kizuna Ai!
Ice-san
Keyakizaka-chan!
I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Youuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wanna connect with you
Rikichan-san
I'll try my hardest todayyy
Basement Goblin
Usan
Nicooo Nicoo Niii
How's that?
Those were a loooot of lines
I caught everybody's originality
and it was a lot of fun
I’d like to make these well known, so
I was thinking, what lines would everybody
come up with
and it made me happy
And that was the Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you guys next time! (more at the end)
Yee  vroom vroom
vroom vroom
I'll have you know that this is a bike